Sections of this page  

Sections of this page  

 Why do we use cookies? 

Authentication We use cookies to verify your account and determine when you’re logged in so we can make it easier for you to access the Facebook Products and show you the appropriate experience and features. For example: We use cookies to keep you logged in as you navigate between Facebook pages. Cookies also help us remember your browser so you do not have to keep logging into Facebook and so you can more easily log into Facebook via third-party apps and websites.

Security, site and product integrity We use cookies to help us keep your account, data and the Facebook Products safe and secure. For example: Cookies can help us identify and impose additional security measures when someone may be attempting to access a Facebook account without authorization, for instance, by rapidly guessing different passwords. We also use cookies to store information that allows us to recover your account in the event you’ve forgotten your password or to require additional authentication if you tell us your account has been hacked. We also use cookies to combat activity that violates our policies or otherwise degrades our ability to provide the Facebook Products. For example: Cookies help us fight spam and phishing attacks by enabling us to identify computers that are used to create large numbers of fake Facebook accounts. We also use cookies to detect computers infected with malware and to take steps to prevent them from causing further harm. Cookies also help us prevent underage people from registering for Facebook accounts.

Advertising, recommendations, insights and measurement We use cookies to help us show ads and to make recommendations for businesses and other organizations to people who may be interested in the products, services or causes they promote. For example: Cookies allow us to help deliver ads to people who have previously visited a business’s website, purchased its products or used its apps and to recommend products and services based on that activity. Cookies also allow us to limit the number of times that you see an ad so you don’t see the same ad over and over again. We also use cookies to help measure the performance of ad campaigns for businesses that use the Facebook Products. For example: We use cookies to count the number of times an ad is shown and to calculate the cost of those ads. We also use cookies to measure how often people do things like click on or view ads. Cookies help us serve and measure ads across different browsers and devices used by the same person. For example: We can use cookies to prevent you from seeing the same ad over and over again across the different devices that you use. Cookies also allow us to provide insights about the people who use the Facebook Products, as well as, the people who interact with the ads, websites, and apps of our advertisers and the businesses that use the Facebook Products. For example: We use cookies to help businesses understand the kinds of people who like their Facebook page or use their apps so they can provide more relevant content and develop features that are likely to be interesting to their customers. We also use cookies to help you opt out of seeing ads from Facebook based on your activity on third-party websites. Learn more about the information we receive, how we decide which ads to show you on and off the Facebook Products, and the controls available to you. 

Site features and services We use cookies to enable the functionality that helps us provide the Facebook Products. For example: Cookies help us store preferences, know when you’ve seen or interacted with Facebook Products’ content, and provide you with customized content and experiences. For instance, cookies allow us to make suggestions to you and others, and to customize content on third-party sites that integrate our social plugins. If you are a page administrator, cookies allow you to switch between posting from your personal FB account and the page. We also use cookies to help provide you with content relevant to your locale. For example: We store information in a cookie that is placed on your browser or device so you will see the site in your preferred language.

Performance We use cookies to provide you with the best experience possible. For example: Cookies help us route traffic between servers and understand how quickly Facebook Products load for different people. Cookies also help us record the ratio and dimensions of your screen and windows and know whether you’ve enabled high contrast mode, so that we can render our sites and apps correctly.

Analytics and research We use cookies to better understand how people use the Facebook Products so that we can improve them. For example: Cookies can help us understand how people use the Facebook Service, analyze which parts of the Facebook Products people find most useful and engaging, and identify features that could be improved.

If you have a Facebook Account:You can use your ad preferences to learn why you’re seeing a particular ad and control how we use information we collect to show you ads.To show you better ads, we use data that advertisers and other partners provide us about your activity off Facebook company Products, including websites and apps. You can control whether we use this data to show you ads in your ad settings.The Facebook Audience Network is a way for advertisers to show you ads in apps and websites off the Facebook Company Products. One of the ways Audience Network shows relevant ads is by using your ad preferences to determine which ads you may be interested in seeing. You can control this in your ad settings.

Everyone: You can opt out of seeing online interest-based ads from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the US, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe or through your mobile device settings. Please note ad blockers and tools that restrict our cookie use may interfere with these controls. 

More information about online advertising: The advertising companies we work with generally use cookies and similar technologies as part of their services. To learn more about how advertisers generally use cookies and the choices they offer, you can review the following resources: 
Digital Advertising AllianceDigital Advertising Alliance of CanadaEuropean Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance

Browser cookie controls: In addition, your browser or device may offer settings that allow you to choose whether browser cookies are set and to delete them. For more information about these controls, visit your browser or device&#039;s help material. Certain parts of the Facebook Products may not work properly if you have disabled browser cookie use.