View a printable version of the Terms of Service 



Use the same name that you use in everyday life.

Provide accurate information about yourself.

Create only one account (your own) and use your timeline for personal purposes.

Not share your password, give access to your Facebook account to others or transfer your account to anyone else (without our permission).



You are under 13 years old (or the minimum legal age in your country to use our Products).

You are a convicted sex offender.

We&#039;ve previously disabled your account for breaches of our Terms or Policies.

You are prohibited from receiving our products, services or software under applicable laws.

You may not use our Products to do or share anything: That breaches these Terms, our Community Standards and other Terms and Policies that apply to your use of Facebook.That is unlawful, misleading, discriminatory or fraudulent.That infringes or breaches someone else&#039;s rights.

That breaches these Terms, our Community Standards and other Terms and Policies that apply to your use of Facebook.



That is unlawful, misleading, discriminatory or fraudulent.



That infringes or breaches someone else&#039;s rights.



You may not upload viruses or malicious code, or do anything that could disable, overburden or impair the proper working or appearance of our Products.



You may not access or collect data from our Products using automated means (without our prior permission) or attempt to access data that you do not have permission to access.



Permission to use content that you create and share: You own the content that you create and share on Facebook and the other Facebook Products you use, and nothing in these Terms takes away the rights that you have to your own content. You are free to share your content with anyone else, wherever you want. To provide our services, however, we need you to give us some legal permissions to use this content.  Specifically, when you share, post or upload content that is covered by intellectual property rights (e.g. photos or videos) on or in connection with our Products, you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free and worldwide licence to host, use, distribute, modify, run, copy, publicly perform or display, translate and create derivative works of your content (consistent with your privacy and application settings). This means, for example, that if you share a photo on Facebook, you give us permission to store, copy and share it with others (again, consistent with your settings) such as service providers that support our service or other Facebook Products that you use.  You can end this licence at any time by deleting your content or account. You should know that, for technical reasons, any content that you delete may persist for a limited period of time in backup copies (though it will not be visible to other users). In addition, content that you delete may continue to appear if you have shared it with others and they have not deleted it.







Permission to use your name, profile picture and information about your actions with ads and sponsored content: You give us permission to use your name and profile picture and information about actions that you have taken on Facebook next to or in connection with ads, offers and other sponsored content that we display across our Products, without any compensation to you. For example, we may show your friends that you are interested in an advertised event or have liked a Page created by a brand that has paid us to display its ads on Facebook. Ads like this can be seen only by people who have your permission to see the actions that you&#039;ve taken on Facebook. You can learn more about your ad settings and preferences. 



Permission to update software that you use or download: If you download or use our software, you give us permission to download and install upgrades, updates and additional features to improve, enhance and further develop it. 











These Terms (formerly known as the Statement of Rights and Responsibilities) make up the entire agreement between you and Facebook, Inc. regarding your use of our Products. They supersede any prior agreements.



Some of the Products we offer are also governed by supplemental Terms. If you use any of those Products, supplemental terms will be made available and will become part of our agreement with you. For instance, if you access or use our Products for commercial or business purposes, such as buying ads, selling products, developing apps, managing a group or Page for your business, or using our measurement services, you must agree to our Commercial Terms. If you post or share content containing music, you must comply with our Music Guidelines. To the extent that any supplemental Terms conflict with these Terms, the supplemental Terms shall govern to the extent of the conflict.



If any portion of these Terms is found to be unenforceable, the remaining portion will remain in full force and effect. If we fail to enforce any of these Terms, it will not be considered a waiver. Any amendment to or waiver of these Terms must be made in writing and signed by us.



You will not transfer any of your rights or obligations under these Terms to anyone else without our consent.

You may designate a person (called a legacy contact) to manage your account if it is memorialised. Only your legacy contact or a person who you have identified in a valid will or similar document expressing clear consent to disclose your content upon death or incapacity will be able to seek disclosure from your account after it is memorialised.



These Terms do not confer any third-party beneficiary rights. All of our rights and obligations under these Terms are freely assignable by us in connection with a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, or by operation of law or otherwise.



You should know that we may need to change the username for your account in certain circumstances (for example, if someone else claims the username and it appears unrelated to the name that you use in everyday life).



We always appreciate your feedback and other suggestions about our products and services. But you should know that we may use them without any restriction or obligation to compensate you, and we are under no obligation to keep them confidential.



We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.

Community Standards: These guidelines outline our standards regarding the content that you post to Facebook and your activity on Facebook and other Facebook Products.

Commercial Terms: These Terms apply if you also access or use our Products for any commercial or business purpose, including advertising, operating an app on our Platform, using our measurement services, managing a group or a Page for a business or selling goods or services.

Advertising Policies: These Policies specify what types of ad content are allowed by partners who advertise across the Facebook Products.

Self-Serve Ad Terms: These Terms apply when you use self-serve advertising interfaces to create, submit or deliver advertising or other commercial or sponsored activity or content.

Pages, Groups and Events Policy: These guidelines apply if you create or administer a Facebook Page, group or event, or if you use Facebook to communicate or administer a promotion.

Facebook Platform Policy: These guidelines outline the Policies that apply to your use of our platform (for example, for developers or operators of a platform application or website or if you use social plugins).

Developer Payment Terms: These Terms apply to developers of applications that use Facebook Payments.

Community Payment Terms: These Terms apply to payments made on or through Facebook.

Commerce Policies: These guidelines outline the Policies that apply when you offer products and services for sale on Facebook.

Facebook Brand Resources: These guidelines outline the Policies that apply to the use of Facebook trademarks, logos and screenshots.

Music Guidelines: These guidelines outline the Policies that apply if you post or share content containing music on Facebook.